PLT-803: Support filter by status and health for appliances datasource. (#365)
spectrocloud/terraform-provider-spectrocloud: docs/data-sources/appliance.md

page_title: "spectrocloud_appliance Data Source - terraform-provider-spectrocloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-

>   Provides details about a single appliance.

Reviewer: This needs more information @nikchern. Explain what an appliance is.

Author: Sure will do @karl-cardenas-coding

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the appliance.

### Read-Only

> - `architecture` (String) The architecture of the appliance. Possible values are: 'amd64', 'arm64'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `architecture` (String) The architecture of the appliance. Allowed values are: 'amd64', and 'arm64'.
```

> - `health` (String) The health of the appliance. Possible values are: 'healthy', 'unhealthy'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `health` (String) The health of the appliance. Allowed values are: 'healthy', and 'unhealthy'.
```

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

> - `status` (String) The status of the appliance. Possible values are: 'ready', 'in-use', 'unpaired'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `status` (String) The status of the appliance. Allowed values are: 'ready', 'in-use', and 'unpaired'.
```
